Sahil Gandhi
10/12/2016
704-598-105
Lecture 4 -> Monday/Wednesday 4-6 PM

After completing the lab, I can now answer the following questions related 
to Brady's patch:

Q1) Brady's patch removed the line "case_long_iso_time_style:" because the 
underscore after case was causing errors in the flow of the for loop. In his 
loop, it only called "case long_iso_time_style", there was no underscore 
after case! However removing this line was not neccesary at all because in 
the end, Brady simply removed most of the innards of the for loop, 
especially the parts which would call that case anyways. Thus if he had left 
it as it was before, then his patch would have still worked.

Q2)If my company adopts ths patched version of Coreutils instead of the 
defualt one, then I should also watch out for future updates which might 
break the patch that we included. Additionally, for non-english speakers or 
those who don't understand English format dates, having the name of the 
month in English might not correspond to a month that they know in their own 
language (ex. February in English = fee-VRAHL in Russian). This might cause 
confusion among these international users. However, nearly everyone knows 
that the 2nd month is February/fee-VRAHL/whatever other method of 
pronouncing it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I used the following commands to get randline.py into my system:
touch randline.py
nano randline.py
"copy and paste the randline.py script"
Save and exit the document.

Q3)If I run the randline.py python script on /dev/null, an empty file, I get 
the following errors: IndexError: list index out of range.
Essentially what this means is that in line 274 of the random.py library, if 
the seq is empty (sequence), then it raises an IndexError. THis is invoked 
by random.choice(self.lines) in randline.py, but self.lines is 0 and that 
causes the error in random.py library that I mentioned earlier.

Q4)If I run the randline.py script on /dev/null but using python3 instead of 
python2, I get the following error: Except IOError as (errno, strerror) -> 
Syntax error (invalid syntax) 

This appears to be in line 65 of randline.py which suggests that it does not 
follow the syntax of the python3 and thus even before it can reach the 
random.py and throw the IndexError that we saw when running from python2. 
Perhaps the script must be changed to allow it to be used in python3 into 
something like "except IOError as err:".