Sahil Gandhi
704-598-105
Discussion: Monday-wednesday 4-6 PM

Laboratory Answers:

1)To find this answer, I searched up the man man and looked for the Search
key word. man -k specificWord

2)The TA had told us that whereis can be used to locate where a executable 
is stored. I used whereis to find the location of wp and cp. wp is located 
at /usr/bin/wc and cp is located at /usr/bin/cp. 

3)I navigated to the /usr/bin directory and scrolled through for about 30 
seconds when I found all three programes that are only 1 character long. The 
three executable programes with one character long only are [, X, and w. [ 
is part of the bash builtin command and it accepts options to do more 
complicated tasks. W is used to see who is logged on and what they are 
doing. X runs the Xorg linux GUI. It does not have a man page.

4)I knew that the -l command is used primarily for symbolic links, so to 
follow it I searched up the manual for ls, and saw the command ls -l. ls -l 
emacs leads to /etc/alternatives/emacs

5)I found the following information in the chmod man page. Chmod g+s,o-x 
means that you want to set the user or group ID on execution for all users 
in the file's group and at the same time, remove executable permissions from 
user not in the file's group.

6)I used the man page for "find" to ge the following answer. To find the 
files that have been modified in the last 3 weeks, you need to type find 
-mtime -21. The number is the #*24 hours in the past that you want to search.

7) I used the man page for "find" to search for directory to specificy to 
find modified directories rather than just files. The command to find the 
directories modified in the last 3 weeks is find -type d -mtime -21. For me, 
the directories that were modified in the last 3 weeks were: ../.cache/abrt, 
./.emacs.d, ./.emacs.d/auto-save-list, ./CS35L .

8) After looking through the man page for find, I saw that the -L option 
looks for symbolic links and -xtype is needed rather than just -type. I then 
ran the command "find -L . -xtype l | wc -l", and used the word count to see 
that there were 289 symbolic links in this directory.

9) I used the man files to search up the "search by time" flag for ls. This 
turned out to be ls -t. I found that the oldest file in the /usr/lib/ 
directory is libfreeblpriv3.so.

10) The data for locale comes from the current locale environment or all 
public locales if a flag is not specified and writes that information to the 
standard output. I used the man page for locale to find this information. 
Locale also gets information from system variables like LANG, LC_CTYPE, and 
more.

11)Using the emacs help menu, I was able to find that C-h a was the command 
that I needed to search for commands with a specific word in them. The 
commands that have sort in them are: Buffer-menu-sort, sort-columns, 
sort-fields, sort-lines, sort-numeric-fields, sort-pages, sort-paragraphs, 
sort-regexp-fields, tabulated-list-col-sort, tabulated-list-sort.

12)After using emacs help function, I found out what C-M-a through C-M-h do. 
They are (in order from a through h): Move to the beginning of the current 
function, move back over balanced expression, exit the recrusive edit mode, 
move down the list, go to the end of the current function, move forward over 
a balanced expression, and finally put a region (mark) around the whole 
current function. When I say function in the above paragraph, I mean a Lisp 
function.

13)In more detail, the C-g keystroke quits the keyboard. What this means is 
that it quits the running or partially typed command so that you can write 
something new instead or fix a mistake in your command without having to 
backspace through everything.

14)Using the manual for emacs, I found that yanking is used to reinsert 
deleted text and it is invoked using the C-y command.

15)The only difference between the emacs Dired command and the ls -l command 
is that the colorings of some of the files seems to be different. It becomes 
from green in the ls-l command to becoming white in the emacs dired command. 
In addition, emacs shows the total used in directory AND the total available 
but ls-l does not show total available.